Add some performance configs and 3.1 fixes (#475)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-features.adoc

For more information about the real-time kernel, visit https://www.suse.com/products/realtime/[SUSE Real Time].
====

[#kernel-args]
=== Kernel arguments for low latency and high performance

The kernel arguments are important to be configured to enable the real-time kernel to work properly giving the best performance and low latency to run telco workloads.  There are some important concepts to keep in mind when configuring the kernel arguments for this use case:

> * Remove `kthread_cpus` when using SUSE kernel real time. This parameter controls on which CPUs kernel threads are created. It also controls which CPUs are allowed for PID 1 and for loading kernel modules (the kmod user-space helper). This parameter is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove `kthread_cpus` when using SUSE real-time kernel. This parameter controls on which CPUs kernel threads are created. It also controls which CPUs are allowed for PID 1 and for loading kernel modules (the kmod user-space helper). This parameter is not
```

Author: changed

In contrast, `idle=poll` runs in a tight loop, busy-waiting for a task to be rescheduled. This minimizes the latency of exiting the idle state, but at the cost of keeping the CPU running at full speed in the idle thread.

* Disable C1E in BIOS. This option is important to disable the C1E state in the BIOS to avoid the CPU from entering the C1E state when idle. The C1E state is a low-power state that can introduce latency when the CPU is idle.

* Add `nowatchdog` to disable the soft-lockup watchdog which is implemented as a timer running in the timer hard-interrupt context. When it expires (i.e. a soft lockup is detected), it will print a warning (in the hard interrupt context), running any latency targets. Even if it never expires, it goes onto the timer list, slightly increasing the overhead of every timer interrupt.
This option also disables the NMI watchdog, so NMIs cannot interfere.

* Add `nmi_watchdog=0`. This option disables only the NMI watchdog.

> With the values shown above an example of the kernel arguments to be used is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of the kernel argument list including the aforementioned adjustments:
```

Author: changed
